# Milestone 2 Reflection

### Tab 1
Tab 1 is called **HIV Indicator Trends by Country and Year** and it displays a line chart that represents a chosen HIV indicator (ie. `Estimated rate of annual AIDS-related deaths (per 100,000 population)`) values over a certain amount of years for up to 4 different countries. There is a drop-down menu that allows users to choose their HIV indicator and the countries of interests, and there is a slider to let the users choose a year range. A legend will appear to indicate the countries as well. There are some exception cases and handling like when choosing more than 4 countries, the tab will prompt the user to limit the number of countries before producing a chart. 

One thing that has not been addressed is showing some warning or message for when there is no data of a chosen indicator retrieved for a country within a specific year range. The line for that country would just not appear in the chart. What could be implemented is some sort of message to let them know that there is no data available for ther chosen criteria. For our prototype, there is aren't any components that are not working as intended in its current state.

The tab does well in creating the necessary components of the chart like the axis and the legend, but it sometimes the range is not in the most optimal state when representing many countries. This could be adjusted to make the chart look more intuitive. Additionally, some aesthetics could be improved to make the tab look more interesting and engaging. 